He injured multiple organs
That's not good.
If you don't wake up within a month
I'm afraid he'll have to lie in bed for the rest of his life
Become a vegetable
Miss Gu, Miss Gu, are you alright?
I'm fine. I'm fine.
That's what happened.
I can't be fine
Xiaobao and Xiaomei still need me
Miss Gu, please rest and recover first.
There is still a month left.
Mr. Ye might wake up sometime soon
It's a doctor, you're right
He will definitely wake up
Doctor, please give me more medicine to replenish my body.
I need to get better soon.
Why is the big slacker still
17 You have been asleep for a month
Why aren't you awake?
Xiaobao has almost recovered
I can already bounce around like a normal child
Our Danny was also born safely
I've recovered pretty much as well.
A family of four is missing you
You are their father
You have to set an example for them
Do you want to be laughed at by the children?
Leaf 17
If you don't wake up
I took them to remarry